PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

R-ZERO, San Francisco, CA 	Sept 2023 – current
Vice President of Product & Product Marketing

Pivoted leading UV disinfection hardware company to commercial real estate analytics and energy savings.

●	Led product development from requirements to successful launch for commercial office portfolio analytics and indoor air quality monitoring products, securing Fortune 50 and large property owner launch customers and millions in pipeline.
●	Executed strategy pivot from legacy UV disinfection product portfolio to embedded AI hardware sensors, analytics software, and data focus.
●	Developed requirements and managed early phases of pilot with Mayo Clinic surgical leaders to use occupancy and air quality sensors and AI to improve operating room efficiency and reduce infection rate during surgery. 

LEAPFIN, San Mateo, CA 	Aug 2022 – July 2023
Vice President of Marketing

Built marketing from scratch for series A startup.

●	Grew Pipeline by $13M and ARR by $1.4M YoY with 100% marketing-sourced pipeline. 
●	Worked closely with VP of Product to evaluate market trends and develop roadmap.
●	Brought in technical talent to ensure the product was fit for purpose, scalable, and reliable.
●	Revamped GTM, from marketing to selling motion to implementation, to focus on key buying drivers and an expanded ICP, and introduced the first GTM operating plan and cadence.
●	Built marketing team, hiring growth, social/brand, evangelist/SME, and marketing engineering.
●	Championed use of generative AI for content marketing and sourcing unique intent and buying signals. 

ONPLAN, Remote 	July 2021 – Aug 2022
Vice President of Marketing

Built marketing from scratch for seed-stage startup.

●	Increased ASP by 50% and shortened time to value by partnering with Product to repackage offerings.
●	Grew ARR 3X+ YoY with 100% marketing-sourced pipeline.
●	Increased growth and efficiency of pipeline by shifting marketing mix toward organic traffic driven by content marketing, growing pipeline 60%, organic traffic 3x, and cutting cost per opportunity by 20%. 
●	Built an efficient marketing team, hiring in Serbia, South Africa, Mexico, and the US. 
●	Established differentiated positioning of “fast and flexible” and aligned marketing messaging, personas, and segmentation accordingly.

APPZEN, San Jose, CA	Oct 2019 – Sept 2021
Vice President of Product Marketing; Interim CMO (7 months)

Repositioned expense processing AI leader from one to multi-product & platform during pandemic.

●	Pivoted strategy for COVID, improving net retention from 90% to 125%, despite 80% drop in volumes in core market.
●	Led 4 product launches, including launching into a new category, including full GTM enablement, new pricing and packaging, and close collaboration with Product to influence features and roadmap. 

NUXEO, Los Gatos, CA & New York City	Nov 2016 – Oct 2019
Vice President of Product Marketing

Recruited by CEO at series B as first product marketer to reposition developer-centric product to Enterprise SaaS. Company exited at 12x revenue valuation 4/2021.
 
●	Grew pipeline, deal size, and ARR 3x, fastest in the category while maintaining category-leading gross margins.
●	Shaped product strategy and roadmap for content supply chain and partnered with Product to execute and launch Product Creative Lifecycle Management.
●	Developed and evangelized a new category, focused on the entire content supply chain for CPG, apparel, and food companies.
●	Positioned Nuxeo to win and support reps at key moments of the sales cycle on the largest opportunities, including lighthouse CPG, Media, Tech, and financial services customers and first $1M+ ARR win.
●	Sourced, negotiated, and managed 4 key technical partnerships.
●	Promoted Nuxeo to analysts and influencers, delivering debuts as a Gartner MQ Visionary and Forrester Wave Strong Performer.

HEWLETT PACKARD, Palo Alto, CA	2008 - 2016
Director of Product Marketing, Marketing Optimization Business Unit, HP Software	2014 - 2016

Promoted to Director of product marketing team of 4. Returned shrinking business to growth in preparation for sale of BU.

●	Revived market confidence and credibility in a legacy A/B testing product with new managed positioning and messaging.
●	Increased leads 5x with content marketing: videos, demos, case studies, conference presentations, white papers, email campaigns, blogs, and online calculators.

Head of Industry Product Marketing, HP Industry Solutions 	2013 - 2014
Increased HP relevance to industry verticals delivering $8B+ in HP software and services revenue through a major business transformation of 150,000-person business unit.

Worldwide Head of Marketing, New Business Incubation	2010 - 2013
Led marketing for internal startup partnered with HP business unit leaders and VC-funded start-ups.

Senior Manager, Analytics and Communications, Global Supply Chain 	2008 - 2010

BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS, Washington, DC	2005 - 2006
Research Economist & Data Scientist, Research Division

NERA ECONOMIC CONSULTING, Washington, DC & New York 	2002 - 2004
Associate Analyst
